hey guys the Bears fan of 6 here and
today we have for you japanese brave
frontier we are going to do metal parade
real quick and if you stick around you
might get to see something cool so
something cool I mean not metal parade
or and jewel prey so stick around
alright so because it's a parade we
don't really need to take anything
special with us cuz it's easy and it's
just a bunch of jewels I keep saying
metal so they'd never do to a parade
ever know that's a lie dude you do do
them but never record them they're
amazing though on a global version I had
to use I use like two keys but I played
an hour straight I had a little break a
couple minute break where I think it's
doing thing which I could have got more
but and I got 1 jul God but I got over
what was it like 1.4 million zel so I
got a ton of money from jewel so if you
can spam your parade you can get a ton
of money with just one key that's what I
did one of these days I would like to
use all my keys and just get them all
burned down and just have a ton of money
because you can never have it can never
have enough money in this game you'll
Beverly spend it regardless so what are
these days I'd really love to sit down
yeah but uh walked wait and see when
that'll be one of these days I'll be
recording you guys are seeing with like
five mins l and you'll know why sadly
can't do that on the japanese version
because i don't wanna use keys on it I
don't wanna use gems on it I don't want
to buy gems with money on Japanese so I
just have to do what I get when I what I
level so the cool thing here is um I
will level saturday i wanted to be able
to do both of them and then level but i
can just there was no way around it but
then I'll level not get to do three more
which would be awesome and hopefully we
get to check out what I wanted to do
hopefully you probably could do it after
the second run so stay tuned and we'll
check after the second run I think I'll
be able to do it and you guys will be
super excited
all right you guys probably know what it
is anyways I'll pry just put in the
title hey cuz cuz I guys already know
right now you should yeah you big one
yes so don't think we have enough come
on don't got time for this let's go it's
cow
alright yep boom level um it was a bad
let's check I don't think we can yet
dumb
except 45,000 worth 50 59 45 no 35 yeah
that's enough all right we'll do it now
then sell got here eat it
come true guys don't watch jewel parades
nothing special on them I like a chance
we can get it crystal alright so that's
right we are finally evolving our
Phoenix 26 * like I said in a previous
video I do have other fighters I could
use it on but Phoenix is my first
five-star and Japanese and I want them
to be my first six star so that's what
it's going to be next week work on
another miracle totem and some dragon
totems and hopefully evolve someone else
but here we go yes it's amazing
just absorb the power the power boom he
has awesome Sting's he lost half his
brain burst but if frontier hunters up
which i can do that but if we can get
lucky I might be able to get them ten
right now we have to get super lucky
like insanely lucky and I doubt it
alright so we have to get just one brave
burst it's all we need I don't know if
we can pull it off here I'm on big money
no whammy come on you can do it dang it
I knew it Oh what to do frontier and I
already have four frogs so if I would've
got a six I could have done it but sadly
I cannot so so excited hoping to have
super but it'll have to wait all right
so here it is six star we've already
seen it in global but this is my
Japanese first six star amazing just
look at it that's how you can do just
look at it
alright guys that is it for this one not
gonna bore you guys with the jewel
parade it's nothing special so I don't
forget to like subscribe favorite and
share if you want to see more and later